Update CLI reference documentation (#303)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Reference/CLI/Subcommands/Validator-Client.md

    The path separator is operating system dependent, and should be `;` in Windows rather than `:`.

### validators-early-attestations-enabled

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-early-attestations-enabled[=<BOOLEAN>]
    ```

> === "Command Line"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Example"
```

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-early-attestations-enabled=false
    ```

> === "Environment Variable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Environment variable"
```

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EARLY_ATTESTATIONS_ENABLED=false
    ```

> === "Configuration File"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Configuration file"
```

    ```bash
    validators-early-attestations-enabled: false
    ```

Specify whether to use Teku's built-in early attestation production, which creates an

> attestation as soon as a block is received. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attestation once a block is received. The default is `true`.
```

Set this option to `false` if running a validator client connected to a load balanced beacon node
(including most hosted beacon nodes such as [Infura]), and validator effectiveness is poor.

!!! note

    Delaying attestation production increases the chances of generating a correct
    attestation when using a load balanced beacon node, but it increases the risk of inclusion delays.

### validators-external-signer-keystore

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-keystore=<FILE>
    ```

> === "Command Line"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Example"
```

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-keystore=teku_client_keystore.p12
    ```

> === "Environment Variable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Environment variable"
```

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EXTERNAL_KEYSTORE=teku_client_keystore.p12
    ```

> === "Configuration File"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Configuration file"
```

    ```bash
    validators-external-signer-keystore: "teku_client_keystore.p12"
    ```

The keystore that Teku presents to the external signer for TLS authentication. Teku can use
PKCS12 or JKS keystore types.

Use the PKCS12 keystore type if connecting to Web3Signer.

### validators-external-signer-keystore-password-file

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-keystore-password-file=<FILE>
    ```

> === "Command Line"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Example"
```

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-keystore-password-file=keystore_pass.txt
    ```

> === "Environment Variable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Environment variable"
```

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EXTERNAL_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD_FILE=keystore_pass.txt
    ```

> === "Configuration File"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Configuration file"
```

### validators-external-signer-truststore

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-truststore=<FILE>
    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-truststore=websigner_truststore.p12
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EXTERNAL_TRUSTSTORE=websigner_truststore.p12
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    validators-external-signer-truststore: "websigner_truststore.p12"
    ```

PKCS12 or JKS keystore used to trust external signer's self-signed certificate or CA certificate
which signs the external signer's certificate.

### validators-external-signer-truststore-password-file

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-truststore-password-file=<FILE>
    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-external-signer-truststore-password-file=truststore_pass.txt
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EXTERNAL_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD_FILE=truststore_pass.txt
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    validators-external-signer-truststore-password-file: "truststore_pass.txt"
    ```

> Password file used to decrypt the keystore.

Reviewer 2: `Password file to decrypt keystore (PKCS12/JKS) that will be used to trust external signer's self-signed certificate`
that's whats in our usage information, the context for why the keystore is used is probably important but could verify if its missing anything with @usmansaleem

The same graffiti is used for all validators started with this beacon node.

### validators-graffiti-file

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-graffiti-file=<FILE>
    ```

> === "Command Line"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Example"
```

    ```bash
    teku vc --validators-graffiti-file=/Users/me/mynode/graffiti.txt
    ```

> === "Environment Variable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Environment variable"
```

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_GRAFFITI_FILE=/Users/me/mynode/graffiti.txt
    ```

> === "Configuration File"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Configuration file"
```

    ```bash
    validators-graffiti-file: "/Users/me/mynode/graffiti.txt"
    ```

> File containing the validator graffiti to add when creating a block. The file contents is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File containing the validator graffiti to add when creating a block. The file content is
```
